[MRG] Ident info adapted for Germany (#464)
BlockSigner/cove: site/content/english/enable-qes.md

of your electronic signature
===============	
Enable the highest e-signing standard (QES) by getting 

> yourself identified online via video (EU) or by personal contact (Switzerland).

Author: ```suggestion
yourself identified online via video (EU) or face-to-face (Switzerland).
```

{{< content text=center top=16 width=narrow >}}
{{% markdown %}}

> Switzerland: Identification 

Author: ```suggestion
Switzerland: Face-to-face
```

> by personal contact

Author: ```suggestion
identification
```

===============

> Get yourself identified by personal contact

Author: ```suggestion
Drop in at one of our identification sites.
```

> with the Swisscom ID app.

Author: ```suggestion
We will identify you free of charge within a few minutes.
```
